(geese honking)
Looks like the migration
is about to start.
I've heard that they'll fly
off as soon as dawn breaks.
There are still
some infected birds
among the rest of them right?
So the curse mark will
spread throughout the world.
(grunting) Boruto
get away from me.
Mr. Jugo.
(grunting and yelling)
Come on hurry up.
Let me see your
true self already.
Tosaka, what have you done?
(Opening theme music)
(grunting in pain)
What are you trying to do?
All that I really want
to do is fight Jugo
to test how strong
my curse mark is.
But what's the point if he's
still in his weakened state
am I right?
Is that why you used
that injection on him?
(grunting and yelling)
You just don't know
when to give up, do you?
Mr. Jugo.
Oh dear.
How are we gonna
deal with this many?
Don't just stand there.
Don't you wanna protect the
birds Jugo cares about so much?
The red eyes.
We have to isolate the
birds with red eyes.
Red eyes, got it.
Found one.
Over there.
Which one?
The one on the right.
Sarada.
Sarada what are you doing?
Thank goodness,
you guys are okay.
Yeah somehow.
What were you guys doing
over there in the water?
It's an emergency.
Help us find all the
geese that have red eyes.
I still feel numb all over.
(evil laughing)
No.
(grunting)
(gasps)
(yelling)
Mr. Jugo.
Damn it, where the
heck is Suigetsu?
(geese honking)
(grunting)
No matter; keep doing what
we can 'til the very end.
[All] Right.
You're really
stubborn aren't you?
(grunting and yelling)
The dawn is almost here.
If the wild geese can
spread the curse mark
around the world, I'll be
able to obtain much more
interesting samples.
Not gonna happen.
(arrows exploding)
(grunting)
Just what are you?
(laughing manically)
Don't you think
that I'm so strong?
You're mine.
What?
(grunting)
I'm gonna make sure that
you have a front row seat
to this excellent finale.
Stop.
(grunting)
Although I have to admit that
even I'm getting irritated.
(grunting)
Quit wasting time and just
show me what you really are.
Come on, hurry up and release
your true strength already.
That's enough; just stop.
Mr. Jugo doesn't
wanna hurt anyone.
You really do say
the strangest things.
That's the same as
telling a tiger not to act
like a wild beast.
(grunting)
You see?
It looks to me like
Jugo actually
wants to go on a rampage.
That's his destiny.
Finally the real
performance begins.
(yelling and growling)
(suspenseful music)
Jugo no.
(laughing)
I was getting impatient.
We're going to fight
each other now.
And I'm going to defeat you
to prove that my curse mark
is the best in the entire world.
Orochimaru can't
hold a candle to me.
(yelling)
Bye bye Jugo.
(gasps)
(yelling in pain)
(yelling)
No way.
The curse mark; he absorbed it?
Mr. Jugo?
(growling)
Boruto?
(geese honking)
(grunting)
That was a close one.
There are just too many of them.
There's no ends to this.
Don't quit.
(geese honking)
It's only a matter of time
before the birds begin
to fly away.
Look Sarada, I hate
to say this but,
to make sure the
infection doesn't spread,
shouldn't we gather them all
up and torch them or something?
[Sarada] We can't do that.
(geese honking)
It's all over now.
Nobody is gonna to
hurt you anymore.
(yelling)
Stop it, I don't
wanna fight you.
(grunting and yelling)
Boruto no.
Damn it Jugo.
If you're gonna go on a rampage
then at least do it close by.
Just when did I get
a conscience anyway?
Give up, Jugo can no longer
be stopped so easily.
Shut up.
He'll probably just keep
on rampaging until he dies.
No I'm not gonna
let that happen.
(grunting)
I'll kill you.
I'll kill you!
(grunting)
Boruto, are you all right?
I think so.
(grunting and growling)
Nue, stay back.
Nue, get away.
No.
We'll just get caught
up in it if we rush in.
We have to think
of a better way.
Yes, Jugo, go wild.
Total and complete
destruction is your destiny.
Just shut up.
(laughs) it's pointless
to try to deny the truth.
Every living creature is
born connected to a fate
that can't be change.
No, to hell with fate.
Is that one more of
your empty musings?
Listen genetics this
or destiny that,
I'm not gonna be held
back by that stuff.
Say what you like,
but any moment
the geese will take flight
and then the curse mark
that I created will spread
throughout the entire world.
And I can't wait.
(geese honking)
Please Mrs. Karin wait.
If we let even
one bird take off,
the risk of the
curse mark spreading
to other birds
elsewhere increases.
We'll end up having to destroy
all the other birds too.
Sarada give it back.
I know this is
hard for you, but--
No.
If we're gonna use this
I have to do it myself.
After all, this mission
was assigned to us.
(growling)
Nue.
We're gonna have to
stop Jugo ourselves.
But, how can we?
The four.
Big brother Konohamaru
stopped Jugo by using
his rasengan.
Do you think if he
sustains enough damage
then he might revert back
to his original state?
Yeah.
But still.
No matter how I look
at it, my Rasengan
just isn't powerful enough.
(grunting and yelling)
That's it.
Huh?
My Rasengan may not
have enough force,
but if I add in the speed
that he'll come at me with,
it'll multiply it's
force exponentially.
You're gonna go
after him head on?
But Boruto if you do
that, then you might be--
That's right; one wrong
move and I'm a goner.
But I have to do this.
(grunting and yelling)
Nue.
Nue, that's enough.
Jugo.
All right, come on
let's settle this.
(growling)
There's some things
that may never come true
no matter how hard you
wish for them to happen.
But the one wish you
could never give up on
is becoming the
person you wanna be.
Boruto you.
(geese honking)
Shadow clone jutsu.
(upbeat music)
Go!
Rasengan!
(yelling)
Come on Jugo, wake up.
(grunting)
(upbeat music continues)
No way.
Damn, can't move.
(growling)
I really thought
it was a good idea.
That guy's trying so hard.
(growling)
Mr. Jugo, you're--
I have...
(grunting)
Boruto.
Mr. Jugo.
Can't be.
That's.
Sunrise.
(geese honking)
The migration.
It's gonna start.
(geese honking)
With all these paper bombs
and my fireball jutsu,
sorry Boruto and Mr. Jugo.
Mitsuki.
Why don't you leave this to us?
What, to us?
Wait that's--
We took this from
their base camp.
It's a serum; it neutralizes
the effects of the curse mark.
Suigetsu, you ready?
I'm only doing this
for Jugo, you got that?
(calm dramatic music)
(water splashing)
(geese honking)
Seems like we made it in time.
We did.
-Look.
-Yeah.
(geese honking)
(calm dramatic music)
Come on, you got this.
(geese honking)
Yeah.
That's it.
We seriously have to
clean all this up?
Well they say leave a place
the way you found it,
don't they?
The scientific ninja
tools department?
Please don't tell Boruto
and the others just yet.
I wanna tell them myself later.
You're really gonna leave us?
They actually tried
to recruit me earlier.
I need to figure out how to
synergize better with Nue
and I wanna find a way to
do that through science.
Are you really serious?
But I thought
after that incident
the scientific ninja tools
department was suspended.
Isn't that right?
Yes but there are plans to
restart it from scratch.
At first, I was gonna
turn them down, but.
Boruto said that we
can't just give up
on trying to become
the person we wanna be.
You like bossing
people around huh?
This is just a part
of the mission.
So sensei do you think we can
call this mission a success?
Yes; right now, all that's left
is to return home and
get Tosaka to confess
everything he knows
about the curse mark.
But sensei, Suigetsu
and Karin took him
and left a while ago.
They what, they left?
I mean come on, I'm not gonna
forget about this, you know.
We helped him out after all.
This is the least
they can give us.
[Tosaka] I'm not
kidding around here.
Are you gonna be sad to
say goodbye to Sarada?
No, no way.
It's nothing like that.
Oh really because you
seemed awfully kind to her.
You may have assisted in
her birth, but come on.
You're not getting
all maternal are you?
Oh drop it; I already told
you it's nothing like that.
What are you giggling about?
His rasengan actually worked.
Honestly Boruto you
are way too reckless.
You could've died
taking him on you know.
Well I stopped him so
it's all good right?
I wonder what Jugo's
gonna do from here on.
Who knows,
but Mr. Jugo has to
decide that for himself.
(upbeat rock music)
Is it possible?
One day, I'll fly.
(upbeat rock music ends)
(Ending theme music)
Boruto, Mitsuki look
I found a kitten.
Such a tiny little thing.
Is it lost?
I don't know, but it
won't stop shaking.
I'm worried and I wanna
take it home with me,
but we can't have
pets at our house.
[Boruto] I'd have
to ask my mom first.
So Mitsuki, you think
you could take care
of it for a little bit?
Next time on Boruto,
Naruto Next Generations.
The little roommate.
Got it, just leave
the kitten to me.
(Ending theme music)